1350851344
Application	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateProducts	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/db/migrate/20121021085632_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
Demo1	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/config/application.rb	module Demo1
Product	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductTest	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/unit/product_test.rb	class ProductTest 
ProductsController	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
ProductsControllerTest	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/functional/products_controller_test.rb	class ProductsControllerTest 
ProductsHelper	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	module ProductsHelper
ProductsHelperTest	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/unit/helpers/products_helper_test.rb	class ProductsHelperTest 
SayController	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/say_controller.rb	class SayController 
SayControllerTest	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/functional/say_controller_test.rb	class SayControllerTest 
SayHelper	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/helpers/say_helper.rb	module SayHelper
SayHelperTest	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/unit/helpers/say_helper_test.rb	class SayHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/db/migrate/20121021085632_create_products.rb	  def change
create	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
goodbye	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/say_controller.rb	  def goodbye
hello	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/say_controller.rb	  def hello
index	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/home/andrea/Documenti/ruby/demo1/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def update
